{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red212\green213\blue214;\red5\green5\blue6;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c86275\c86667\c87059;\cssrgb\c1569\c1569\c1961\c7059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10360\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Website visitors are becoming more aware of the importance of secure data transfer, and they often look for the green lock that appears in their browser on HTTPs-enabled websites. Before you can have your website loading at https:// instead of http:// you need to have SSL certificate installed for your domain. You can get one from the hosting control panel -> My Domains -> SSL Certificates The options are either to Order SSL certificate or Request Let's Encrypt certificate. After you have enabled SSL certificate on your domain name, you will need to set up a redirect for your website to use SSL and HTTPs protocol. The procedure is valid for any static or dynamic website, which does not have a configuration for the URL it is installed on, like Wordpress. If you need to enable HTTPs for your Wordpress site, please see the How To Enable SSL (HTTPs) in WordPress article. First, go to Files -> File Manager in your hosting control panel and navigate to your domain root folder, usually /www/mydomain.com/ If there is no file called .htaccess created, then create one using the New File button. Edit the .htaccess file and place the following code at the top: RewriteEngine On RewriteCond %\{HTTPS\} off RewriteRule ^(.*)$ https://%\{HTTP_HOST\}%\{REQUEST_URI\} [L,R=301] Click Save. Once you do this, your website is now fully setup to use SSL / HTTPS.}